# rabbitmq-dlq-republisher
A easy guide to help you republishing your RabbitMQ messages from DLQ when they went there due to a bug you fixed already.

## How it works? 

The script will load the file with all the Dead Letters Messages you caught through your browser and saved in a file. So it will will filter the messages by the Routing Key and the Date Interval that they failed in runtime. And finally get these filtered messages and POST them again to RabbitMQ API using the user credentials you provided.

You can modify this script according to your needs in order to improve its efficiency.

## How to use? 

<br>**If you are intending to republish messages from RabbitMQ of your external server like Production or Homologation ones, you should need to open an SSH tunnel with port forwarding liek this: 
<br>```ssh -L [your local port]:127.18.0.1:[RabbitMQ port on server] [user with admin privilegies]@[server internet interface IP]```
<br><br>ex: ```ssh -L 5678:127.18.0.1:5672 admin_user@203.0.113.42```  generated by ChatGPT as example.

1 - Run file with python: 
```python3 RabbitDLQPublisher.py ```

2 - Open your browser Developer Tools and let it open.

3 - Go to the desired DLQ queue which have messages you want to republish and do a search by clicking for get messages from it.

4 - Go back to your browser Developer Tools and see the Network, you should be abble to see the "get" history which has the GET request for all messages you asked to search.

5 - In that request history, go to "Response" (Google Chrome) section and copy all the JSON response. 
You will notice that all content within it are the messages and its related details.

6 - Put the JSON content into a file and save it on your computer to use it during the script running.

7 - Provide all the informations that are asked you on runtime.

** Be careful, cos you can republish <strong>all</strong> your DLQ messages accidentally if not providing right the Root Key and the Date Interval that messages have failed / rejected by Message Consumer.
